I am Cindy and it's Saturday
of course and I just wanted to show you
this wig this is I'm copying myself this
is my second race
I love the races this is Ruth and it is
in nutmeg s and it is blondes with more
of a strawberry blonde I guess and I've
had to trim the bangs just a little but
I've got to tell you the twice I've worn
this wig I have gotten compliments and
that's not something I'm gonna get on my
wigs so the funniest thing today was we
were had gone out to eat Mexican food
group awning it and we're headed out
back to the car and I saw some people I
knew and I pointed at him and it was the
people around our house in Moore and
Jennifer said oh my god she said I was
just telling gene that woman how she's
got her hair I love her hair but of
course I hit on the sunglasses and gene
said to Jennifer that Cindy and George
because they recognized stories and so
she was like oh my god and she loved it
so that made me feel real good that
somebody had spotted it in a parking lot
not even on because it was liked it and
the other time was a cashier at Hobby
Lobby a lady about my age you see so I
just love your hair where do you get it
done and I said it's a noriko wig and I
told her what it was called and she said
oh my god I didn't ever get so I've been
very happy with it I did being it just a
tiny bit right in here I not a lot just
a tiny tiny bit just you know three or
four little snips each place with the
dinners I wanted to thank everybody that
has said to me I want to thank all the
people they've been with me all along
and stayed with me craziest things have
been and and say I'm sorry I
and if I haven't commented on one of
your videos or I hadn't answered yours
we had a very very busy two weeks when
the daughter was here from Endor
grandchildren
Hawaii we went out on three day two days
we were busy with that family reunion
stuff and we had a wonderful time but I
was very busy lots of grandkids around
always running always doing and then my
daughter's godsister
she brought her two boys out too so they
they call me Mom they getting stuff and
get some action everything just like
they always belong here today in my I
stay on my grandkids to some way I had
six kids around all that and that kept
me hopping the youngest one just turned
2 and the oldest was 12 and I had them
all in between so had a really good time
and I like I said I wanted to thank you
y'all have a good weekend I'm gonna go
back to my to my a sno-cone we went out
to eat and my clothes it's a grocery
store and with the pharmacy to bank all
kinds of good things this morning and
topped it off with it's not coming so
I'm gonna go back and finish my smoker
and y'all have a good Saturday the life